as a law survey work go move faster all if you figure that out I would
like to yeah also one of the forms or pre filled these days that's
nice as opposed to hours to fill all from scratch I mean you can put
them in the computer of charges yes it is insane because of the traffic
would come in on that it takes we'll use that with the war on cancer
the that the DC these that we use we eighty pounds they are now
the size of a two terabyte hard drive day the lady so how do you make
things go faster probably keeping files okay to be fit wraps keeping
the forms filled out for eight o'clock reports that you have to
fill out the main offices that you fill out for the chief engineer
says what the actual sale so have the files filled out there really
available to you that will help you they yeah people work will be easier